what's up everyone Phil Sonova tear with
Iowa's vodka bringing you guys a video
on the brand new update to bump which
actually allows you to send over videos
mp3s
music in your music application
documents and files from one iPhone to
another so take that Samsung Galaxy s3
we can do this with bump just like you
can do this with NFC now you will need
to be connected to either Wi-Fi or 3G to
do this and basically what you have to
do is first download the bump
application which is once again
completely free set up your profile and
you'll be able to send files over from
one iPhone to the other so not only does
this application let you do that but it
also lets you send over your contact
information from one iPhone to another
if you want to add a contact it's just a
nice app to have if a lot of people
around you are using it so let's go
ahead and check out the file transfer
from one iPhone to the other so once
again you can send videos and audio
files along with documents and things
that you've written in notepad and
things like that on bump so if we go
over here and choose an audio file will
go under music we'll just go ahead and
choose this song right here and we'll
wait for it to load now it's ready to
bump so let's take both iPhones and come
on undock and as you can see it is doing
weird things we'll go ahead and bump
both iPhones and it should search and
connect to both devices one has found
the device the other has found the
device right there connect connect
they're both connecting and now we'll
see that the iPhone 5 to my right will
start downloading the song that the
iPhone 4s to my left is sending me my
Wi-Fi connection in this room is a
little bit slow but that shouldn't
matter too much I have a single bar with
a pretty strong Wi-Fi and internet
connection
as you can see the bar is loading right
there and right after it's done loading
and uploading to the server it'll upload
and download to my iPhone 5 right here
to the right we'll see that in just a
second after it is done it's
quite a big file 7.5 megabytes so here
we go it is almost done and now the mp3
should start loading on my iPhone 5 so
take a look to the right over here
you'll see the same bar the progress bar
right here downloading on my iPhone 5
it's weird that my iPhone 5 has
sometimes better Wi-Fi than my iPhone 4s
I guess that makes sense
since the iPhone 5 has an upgraded Wi-Fi
chip so disregard what I just said that
was kind of stupid anyways as you can
see the song is now downloading seven
point four five megabytes it only takes
a few seconds especially if you're on 4G
or if you're on 4G LTE then you can get
the song right away
now you can go ahead and press this and
either email the mp3 save it to iTunes
or you can go ahead and play it right
within bump now I'm not gonna play you
guys the whole song I'm just gonna play
a few sounds so you guys can hear that
it works here we go
as you saw right there the song does
play in fact and it was sent over from
my iPhone 4s now once again guys you can
do this with video as well video takes a
little bit longer since it's a larger
file or you can just go ahead and select
anything from your iTunes library right
here as you can see I have a ton of
artists and you can also send over
podcasts audiobooks iTunes U and other
things such as documents and saved files
so this is really cool I'm excited to
see how bump fits in with NFC for
Android and if this is a way that Apple
could use to kind of battle NFC on
Android by just simply using an internet
connection or a Bluetooth connection to
send over files from one device to
another once again guys the service is
free you can also send over photos by
just bumping iPhones remember not to
bump your actual iPhones and just bump
your hands together kind of like that
just bump your knuckles while the iPhone
is in your hands so you don't damage
your iPhone so guys I'll leave a link in
the description for the application be
sure to read the full article on this
application at iOS blog comm that link
will also be down in the description
below let me know what you got
think about sending over mp3s of videos
photos and things like that from one I
phone to another this is really exciting
previously the service before it was
updated today it was only able to send
over photos so being able to send over
things like mp3s is even more exciting
let me know once again in the comments
section below be sure to visit Iowa's
vlog com we just wrote up a bunch of
articles today so be sure to check those
out also please be sure to check out the
social network down below in the
description that's Twitter Google+
Instagram and Facebook and if you want
the latest iOS news and articles via
email including news on the untethered
iOS 6 and untethered iOS 6.0.1 jailbreak
be sure to subscribe to our newsletter
it just takes a second and you will
receive one email a day just giving you
guys the latest news it's not spam I
promise so guys check that out thank you
all for watching and being awesome
viewers and I will see you all in the
next one